# cmsc-350-project-1-solved
**TO GET THIS SOLUTION VISIT:** [CMSC 350 Project 1 Solved](https://www.ankitcodinghub.com/product/cmsc-350-project-1-solved/)


---

📩 **If you need this solution or have special requests:** **Email:** ankitcoding@gmail.com  
📱 **WhatsApp:** +1 419 877 7882  
📄 **Get a quote instantly using this form:** [Ask Homework Questions](https://www.ankitcodinghub.com/services/ask-homework-questions/)

*We deliver fast, professional, and affordable academic help.*

---

<h2>Description</h2>



<div class="kk-star-ratings kksr-auto kksr-align-center kksr-valign-top" data-payload="{&quot;align&quot;:&quot;center&quot;,&quot;id&quot;:&quot;4328&quot;,&quot;slug&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;valign&quot;:&quot;top&quot;,&quot;ignore&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;reference&quot;:&quot;auto&quot;,&quot;class&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;count&quot;:&quot;3&quot;,&quot;legendonly&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;readonly&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;score&quot;:&quot;5&quot;,&quot;starsonly&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;best&quot;:&quot;5&quot;,&quot;gap&quot;:&quot;4&quot;,&quot;greet&quot;:&quot;Rate this product&quot;,&quot;legend&quot;:&quot;5\/5 - (3 votes)&quot;,&quot;size&quot;:&quot;24&quot;,&quot;title&quot;:&quot;CMSC 350 Project 1 Solved&quot;,&quot;width&quot;:&quot;138&quot;,&quot;_legend&quot;:&quot;{score}\/{best} - ({count} {votes})&quot;,&quot;font_factor&quot;:&quot;1.25&quot;}">

<div class="kksr-stars">

<div class="kksr-stars-inactive">
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="1" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="2" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="3" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="4" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" data-star="5" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
    </div>

<div class="kksr-stars-active" style="width: 138px;">
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
            <div class="kksr-star" style="padding-right: 4px">


<div class="kksr-icon" style="width: 24px; height: 24px;"></div>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>


<div class="kksr-legend" style="font-size: 19.2px;">
            5/5 - (3 votes)    </div>
    </div>
<p class="ui header product-top-header" title="CMSC 350 Project 1 Solution">The first programming project involves writing a program that evaluates infix expressions of unsigned integers using two stacks. The program should consist of three classes. The main class should create a GUI that allows the user input an infix expression and displays the result. The GUI should look as follows:

The GUI must be generated by code that you write. You may not use a drag-and-drop GUI generator.

The second class should contain the code to perform the infix expression evaluation. The pseudocode for performing that evaluation is shown below:

tokenize the string containing the expression while there are more tokens get the next token if it is an operand push it onto the operand stack else if it is a left parenthesis push it onto the operator stack else if it is a right parenthesis while top of the operator stack not a left parenthesis pop two operands and an operator perform the calculation push the result onto the operand stack else if it is an operator while the operator stack is not empty and the operator at the top of the stack has higher or the same precedence than the current operator pop two operands and perform the calculation push the result onto the operand stack push the current operator on the operators stack while the operator stack is not empty pop two operands and an operator perform the calculation push the result onto the operand stack the final result is a the top of the operand stack

Be sure to add any additional methods needed to eliminate any duplication of code.

Your program is only expected to perform correctly on syntactically correct infix expressions that contain integer operands and the four arithmetic operators + – * /. It should not, however, require spaces between tokens. The usual precedence rules apply. The division performed should be integer division. A check should be made for division by zero. Should the expression contain division by zero, a checked exception DivideByZero should be thrown by the method that performs the evaluation and caught in the main class, where a JOptionPane window should be displayed containing an error message.

You are to submit two files.

1. The first is a .zip file that contains all the source code for the project, which includes any code that was provided. The .zip file should contain only source code and nothing else, which means only the .java files. If you elect to use a package the .java files should be in a folder whose name is the package name.

2. The second is a Word document (PDF or RTF is also acceptable) that contains the documentation for the project, which should include the following:

a. A UML class diagram that includes all classes you wrote. Do not include predefined classes. You need only include the class name for each individual class, not the variables or methods

b. A test plan that includes test cases that you have created indicating what aspects of the program each one is testing

c. A short paragraph on lessons learned from the project

<div class="ui divider"></div>
<div class="ui nopad middle aligned grid product-share">
<div class="three wide column"><span class="likes">&nbsp;</span></div>
</div>
